A very interesting service that you can use in
the Cloud is called load balancing. Let's take a look.
Load balancers is a service simply designed to
distribute a work request meant for target group.
So what is a target group?
A target group is just a collection of servers that provide a common service.
So for example, if you have
an image processing application that is taking requests and it will take,
say an image and it will gather
metadata out of that image or generate a thumbnail and store it somewhere,
you would have a load balancer in front.
This load balancer will manage all the requests coming in and it will distribute
those requests across many different servers
that you have providing the exact same service.
This is an illustration of what I'm talking about.
You have the load balancer symbol here.
You have three instances or three servers inside your auto scaling group and
let's say all three obviously have
the exact same image processing application that you created.
If we get 300 request right now,
the load balancer will save 100 to each one of your three servers.
Now because you have an auto scaling group,
you will have a criteria,
let's say the number of requests,
that will allow this auto scaling group to spin up
more servers as needed to keep up with the demand of your service.
If the man goes down,
the auto-scaling will scale back down to
three servers or whatever you say that's the minimum.
So remember, the job of the load balancer is to spread the work load evenly across
the target group and the target group is however many
servers you have available to provide a common service.